http://strangehorizons.com/feed/ scifi magazine
https://www.scifinow.co.uk/feed/ scifi magazine
https://www.tor.com/feed/ scifi press
http://feeds.gawker.com/io9/full scifi
http://www.newyorker.com/feed/collection/theatre-in-the-archive theatre
http://www.locusmag.com/News/feed/ scifi
http://clarkesworldmagazine.com/feed/ scifi magazine
https://not-one-of-us.pub/feed/ scifi magazine
http://ttapress.com/interzone/feed/ scifi magazine
http://www.spaceandtimemagazine.com/feed/ scifi magazine
https://www.sfsite.com/fsf/blog/feed/ scifi magazine
http://usj.sagepub.com/rss/current.xml geo journal
https://aeon.co/feed.rss science
http://feeds.feedburner.com/PlacesJournal geo journal
http://brandon-ellis.com/feed/ scifi author
http://anthonyjmelchiorri.com/?feed=rss2 author scifi
http://www.hatrack.com/feed.xml scifi author
http://www.hughhowey.com/feed/ scifi author
http://www.galactanet.com/feed.xml scifi
http://gregegan.customer.netspace.net.au/feed.rss scifi author
https://flowingdata.com/feed data
http://blog.qgis.org/feed/ geo
http://www.digital-geography.com/feed/ geo
http://wush.ghost.io/rss/ data
http://geographyblog.eu/wp/feed/ geo
http://planet.emacsen.org/atom.xml emacs
http://feeds.feedburner.com/RBloggers?format=xml data
http://feeds.feedburner.com/centauri-dreams/eepu scifi science
